Update Docusarus and Introduce Dogfood changeset (#4)
the-draupnir-project/draupnir-documentation: docs/bot/setup.md

# Setting up Draupnir

> While in the past there has been a recomendation to use [Pantalaimon](https://github.com/matrix-org/pantalaimon) to support
> encrypted management rooms or use of the experimental Rust Crypto for the same effect this recomendation is no longer in effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Encrypting the management room

We do not recommend setting up an encrypted management room, and we cannot provide support for setting one up. This is because Pantalaimon has consistently confused beginners that are setting it up with Draupnir, and we do not use it ourselves. Experienced system admins are welcome to attempt to set up Pantalaimon, but must be aware that any issues that they experience getting Draupnir to start are extremely likely to be from the Pantalaimon configuration and not Draupnir itself. 
```

We need to be very explicit Cat, we can't just make a half assed recommendation because they will ignore it.

The E2EE functionality was also useful for allowing Draupnir to read encrypted messages to moderate their content in Encrypted rooms but this

> support was never reliable as its open to various exploits that are not fixable without spec changes.

Reviewer: What spec changes and exploits do you have in mind?

Author: Simple you just withhold keys from Draupnir and bobs your uncle. And since there is no in spec mechanism for keys to be indirectly shared its simply not possible for Draupnir to bypass this. Its essentially the same problem as not sending keys to room mods in general in E2EE rooms.

Reviewer: or someone else reads the readme and shouts at us saying it's bs

Author: Resolved as of latest commit.

# Setting up Draupnir

## Encrypting the management room

We do not recommend setting up an encrypted management room, and we cannot provide support for setting one up. This is because Pantalaimon has consistently confused beginners that are setting it up with Draupnir, and we do not use it ourselves. Experienced system admins are welcome to attempt to set up Pantalaimon, but must be aware that any issues that they experience getting Draupnir to start are extremely likely to be from the Pantalaimon configuration and not Draupnir itself.

The E2EE functionality was also useful for allowing Draupnir to read encrypted messages to moderate their content in Encrypted rooms but this
support was never reliable as its open to various exploits that are not fixable without spec changes.

> The nature of the exploits you can pull of if you make the choice to use E2EE in protected rooms is everything related to withholding keys.
> The spec does currently not facilitate mechanisms to allow you to get message keys from other parties so unless your draupnir gets keys from the sender
> its shit out of luck if you wanted it to be able to moderate that message. And considering the frequency of E2EE issues you couldn't sanction users for a bit of UTD automatically either.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By making the choice to use E2EE in protected rooms you are vulnerable to exploits related to withholding decryption keys from the device Draupnir uses to decrypt events.
The spec does currently not facilitate mechanisms to allow a device to get message keys from other parties so unless Draupnir is provided keys from the sender then Draupnir will be unable to decrypt a given message. While considering the frequency of E2EE issues Draupnir couldn't make a choice to sanction users for not providing keys automatically either. However, as of writing only a small number of Draupnir protections need access to event content, and most functionality will work regardless of Draupnir being E2EE capable. You can still protect E2EE rooms, however protections such as the `WordList` and `FirstMesssageIsImage` protection that will be unable to function.
```

The E2EE functionality was also useful for allowing Draupnir to read encrypted messages to moderate their content in Encrypted rooms but this
support was never reliable as its open to various exploits that are not fixable without spec changes.

The nature of the exploits you can pull of if you make the choice to use E2EE in protected rooms is everything related to withholding keys.
The spec does currently not facilitate mechanisms to allow you to get message keys from other parties so unless your draupnir gets keys from the sender

> its sol if you wanted it to be able to moderate that message. And considering the frequency of E2EE issues you couldn't sanction users for a bit of UTD automatically either.

Reviewer: what does sol mean?

Author: Shit out of luck.

> This exploit vector is considered well known to all matrix T&S professionals so this disclosure is not news to anyone in the T&S space.

Reviewer: delete this please, we're not professionals either.

Author: Resolved in latest commit.
